
To add in the support for MYFS I needed to do this (do not include the
lines with dashes in what you add to the files mentioned) :

	1) Add the following lines to ~/OSI/src/sys/conf/files :

----------------
local/acl.c                     standard
local/myfs/myfs_ffs_alloc.c	optional myfs
local/myfs/myfs_ffs_balloc.c	optional myfs
local/myfs/myfs_ffs_inode.c	optional myfs
local/myfs/myfs_ffs_snapshot.c	optional myfs
local/myfs/myfs_ffs_softdep.c	optional myfs
local/myfs/myfs_ffs_subr.c	optional myfs
local/myfs/myfs_ffs_tables.c	optional myfs
local/myfs/myfs_ffs_vfsops.c	optional myfs
local/myfs/myfs_ffs_vnops.c	optional myfs
local/myfs/myfs_ufs_acl.c	optional myfs
local/myfs/myfs_ufs_bmap.c	optional myfs
local/myfs/myfs_ufs_dirhash.c	optional myfs
local/myfs/myfs_ufs_extattr.c	optional myfs
local/myfs/myfs_ufs_gjournal.c	optional myfs
local/myfs/myfs_ufs_inode.c	optional myfs
local/myfs/myfs_ufs_lookup.c	optional myfs
local/myfs/myfs_ufs_quota.c	optional myfs
local/myfs/myfs_ufs_vfsops.c	optional myfs
local/myfs/myfs_ufs_vnops.c	optional myfs
----------------

	2) Add the following lines to ~/OSI/src/sys/conf/options :

----------------
# Test filesystem
MYFS                    opt_myfs.h
----------------

	3) Add the following line to your kernel config file (for me that
	   is ~/OSI/src/sys/amd64/conf/KENSMITH) :

----------------
options         MYFS                    #Test Filesystem
----------------

	   Remove the options SOFTUPDATES, UFS_ACL, UFS_DIRHASH,
	   and UFS_GJOURNAL.

	4) Copy the files/directories here to your ~/OSI directory,
	   preserving the directory structure.

	5) Add the system calls mentioned in the Project Description to
	   ~/OSI/src/sys/kern/syscalls.master and run the makesyscalls.sh
	   script.

	6) Look at the stub functions for the three new system calls in the
	   file ~/OSI/src/sys/local/acl.c.  One of them shows an example
	   of how you can see if a file comes from a myfs filesystem.  In
	   the "Examples" sub-directory is a small test program you can
	   use to test it with.

	7) I think that's it...  Try building the kernel from scratch.
	   Given how much has changed it might be a good idea to just
	   remove your entire kernel build directory so even it gets
	   rebuilt from scratch.

